GSoC'23 Ochi blog post (#52)
honeynet/honeynet.github.io: content/blog/2023/08/28/gsoc-2023-project-summary-ochi/index.md

---
title: "GSoC 2023 Project summary: Ochi"

> authors: ["Lucas Rist"]

Reviewer: Put your own name here :)

date: "2023-08-24T11:00:06+01:00"

> # coverImage: "intel_owl_positive_reduced.png"

Reviewer: Remove this line if you don't use it.

tags: ["gsoc", "ochi"]
---

> Our [GSoC](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) student [Kumiszhan Dybyspayeva](https://github.com/dkumiszhan) was working for three months under the supervision of Lucas Rist on [Ochi Project](https://github.com/honeynet/ochi/), specifically on introducing new features such as event filtering using DSL, persisting queries and sharing an event. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our [GSoC](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) student [Kumiszhan Dybyspayeva](https://github.com/dkumiszhan) was working for three months under the supervision of Lukas Rist on [Ochi](https://github.com/honeynet/ochi/), specifically on introducing new features such as event filtering using a DSL, persisting filters and sharing an event. 
```

Read on for an overview of their achievements and how they successfully contributed towards Ochi and some considerations for the future.

<!--more-->

**Student**: Kumiszhan Dybyspayeva ([dkumiszhan](https://github.com/dkumiszhan))

> **Mentor**: Lucas Rist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Mentor**: Lukas Rist
```
